Clarify 'bgr' swizzle example in Shading language (#4868)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language.rst

    vec4 a = vec4(0.0, 1.0, 2.0, 3.0);
    vec3 b = a.rgb; // Creates a vec3 with vec4 components.
    vec3 b = a.ggg; // Also valid; creates a vec3 and fills it with a single vec4 component.

>     vec3 b = a.bgr; // b will be vec3(2.0, 1.0, 0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vec3 b = a.bgr; // "b" will be vec3(2.0, 1.0, 0.0).
```

    vec3 b = a.xyz; // Also rgba, xyzw are equivalent.
    vec3 b = a.stp; // And stpq (for texture coordinates).
    float c = b.w; // Invalid, because "w" is not present in vec3 b.
    vec3 c = b.xrt; // Invalid, mixing different styles is forbidden.
    b.rrr = a.rgb; // Invalid, assignment with duplication.

>     b.bgr = a.rgb; // Valid assignment. B's "blue" component will be A's "red" and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    b.bgr = a.rgb; // Valid assignment. "b"'s "blue" component will be "a"'s "red" and vice versa.
```
